oh here's two it's two more barrels
right here guys
two more beers all right but I'll make
sure they're explosive who's playing
with your damn body bar I put the barrel
down put the bottle down step the fuck
away hey can you blow them up with
crowbars son of a bitch ooh what we just
die no girls like getting blown up with
a barrel top of the cabin guys fucking
down top it again oh there is human race
no go that's so funny though I go ahead
and check for zeroth body what the fuck
holy shit holy show it's going on oh
it's so dark this is uh excuse me who's
the predator oh my god I activate that I
don't appreciate you start a oh oh oh oh
oh and your style did great you please
stop you're whacking me whoa whoa whoa
one who's not alone yeah Oh what the
fall guy song banana you kill me
fucking asshole who won't listen
he's been playing like play play dolls
with me oh that's nice of them sick
little girl with a little of when he has
I'm just trying to make sure that you
still feel a part of the game Oh
oh my god it's my head John didn't stay
there
I played you guys perfect thank you I
kept spooking you guys by shooting you
with a silenced pistol is that perfect
lunge along notch I am one to one there
you go
I am from Mexico not really Italian oh
where are you you little it a code for I
want to kill you
an taste your blood or I'm coming coming
for you I have a radar that means to
know where you are and I'm going to kill
you
any second now you're gonna scream like
a cow going no MooMoo Oh Cody Cody poo
cool Oh No after your big song and
everything again you fucked up you
fucked up and he's Oh God good yeah you
anymore
ladies and gentlemen we have a citrus
fruit we're right here banana versus
banana ok hobby day tomorrow
let me get a different fruit okay well
wants right bitch yeah well what the
fuck up in you Atreus god damn huh did
you god
how's the chief Oh Reiser where is it
Terra's Jensen you fucking dick mini